Hello! This project is basically a 2D platformer game based on NES mario
released in 1985 by Nintendo. The main library this project uses is LibGDX,
which is basically a low level game engine that can be used in Java. For example,
one of the options you can enable with LibGDX is Box2D which manages all of the
physics in your game. Additionally, it handles all of the rendering and shaders.
Basically, it has all of these features so that you can focus on making your game.
One of the things that comes with LibGDX is batching. I also had created my own
Batch class in my other Mario Project. Basically, how batching words is that it basically
groups smaller draw operations into 1 big draw call to the GPU. We want to do this because if
we make a bunch of individual draw calls to the GPU, that would be incredible slow (something
you can test with my other project). Batching allows us to draw things very efficiently and quickly.
Batching has a runtime of n, where n is the number of batch draw calls per frame. Not incorporated into this project
but rather into my other project is a Hash Map which is kind of similar to a hash table. The point of using a hash map for
my other project was to access textures and shaders (which can be really big) quickly and also store them as a reference (address).
The run times for a hash map on average is constant time for inserting and looking up. The hash map uses a hash function
on a given string to get an index. Them you use that index to index into an array and store something there. in the worst
case scenario, it would be a big o of n (or big o of log n if there is some method used to improve run time) because
of collisions. Although not implemented into this specific project, I thought I would share since it is something I learned
from my previous project. Furthermore, something that was incorporated into this project and in my previous project is sampling
from sprite sheets/texture batching. We already know that batching reduces the number of draw calls we have to make to the GPU.
Using texture coordinates, we are able to choose a specific image from that sprite sheet and only sample that specific image/texture.
I believe LibGDX automatically does this for us where we do the draw function and it keeps track of all of the coordinates we send
and eventually batches them and send the draw call. Since we store coordinates with the draw call, our run time is O(1).
Additionally, once we we send the draw call/batch to the GPU, it is O(n) where n is the number of sprites.
If you wanna see more notes about game engines, look at this doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1whNENwegufvtZ-DGR-E55QZ1wdYALjJGUXPpQyqoCzQ/edit?usp=sharing
https://www.youtube.com/@BrentAureliCodes -> Link to the tutorials I followed and learned from

